The following arguments are supported:

zone_id - (Required) The zone ID to add the load balancer to.
name - (Required) The DNS name (FQDN, including the zone) to associate with the load balancer.
fallback_pool_id - (Required) The pool ID to use when all other pools are detected as unhealthy.
default_pool_ids - (Required) A list of pool IDs ordered by their failover priority. Used whenever region/pop pools are not defined.
description - (Optional) Free text description.
ttl - (Optional) Time to live (TTL) of this load balancer's DNS name. Conflicts with proxied - this cannot be set for proxied load balancers. Default is 30.
steering_policy - (Optional) Determine which method the load balancer uses to determine the fastest route to your origin. Valid values are: "off", "geo", "dynamic_latency", "random", "proximity" or "". Default is "".
proxied - (Optional) Whether the hostname gets Cloudflare's origin protection. Defaults to false.
enabled - (Optional) Enable or disable the load balancer. Defaults to true (enabled).
region_pools - (Optional) A set containing mappings of region codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given region. Fields documented below.
country_pools - (Optional) A set containing mappings of country codes to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the given country. Fields documented below.
pop_pools - (Optional) A set containing mappings of Cloudflare Point-of-Presence (PoP) identifiers to a list of pool IDs (ordered by their failover priority) for the PoP (datacenter). This feature is only available to enterprise customers. Fields documented below.
session_affinity - (Optional) Associates all requests coming from an end-user with a single origin. Cloudflare will set a cookie on the initial response to the client, such that consequent requests with the cookie in the request will go to the same origin, so long as it is available. Valid values are: "", "none", "cookie", and "ip_cookie". Default is "".
session_affinity_ttl - (Optional) Time, in seconds, until this load balancers session affinity cookie expires after being created. This parameter is ignored unless a supported session affinity policy is set. The current default of 23 hours will be used unless session_affinity_ttl is explicitly set. Once the expiry time has been reached, subsequent requests may get sent to a different origin server. Valid values are between 1800 and 604800.
session_affinity_attributes - (Optional) Configure cookie attributes for session affinity cookie. See the field documentation below.
rules - (Optional) A list of conditions and overrides for each load balancer operation. See the field documentation below.