The following arguments are supported:

expected_body - (Optional) A case-insensitive sub-string to look for in the response body. If this string is not found, the origin will be marked as unhealthy. Only valid if type is "http" or "https". Default: "".
expected_codes - (Optional) The expected HTTP response code or code range of the health check. Eg 2xx. Only valid and required if type is "http" or "https".
method - (Optional) The method to use for the health check. Valid values are any valid HTTP verb if type is "http" or "https", or connection_established if type is "tcp". Default: "GET" if type is "http" or "https", "connection_established" if type is "tcp", and empty otherwise.
timeout - (Optional) The timeout (in seconds) before marking the health check as failed. Default: 5.
path - (Optional) The endpoint path to health check against. Default: "/". Only valid if type is "http" or "https".
interval - (Optional) The interval between each health check. Shorter intervals may improve failover time, but will increase load on the origins as we check from multiple locations. Default: 60.
retries - (Optional) The number of retries to attempt in case of a timeout before marking the origin as unhealthy. Retries are attempted immediately. Default: 2.
header - (Optional) The HTTP request headers to send in the health check. It is recommended you set a Host header by default. The User-Agent header cannot be overridden. Fields documented below. Only valid if type is "http" or "https".
type - (Optional) The protocol to use for the healthcheck. Currently supported protocols are 'HTTP', 'HTTPS', 'TCP', 'UDP-ICMP', 'ICMP-PING', and 'SMTP'. Default: "http".
port - The port number to use for the healthcheck, required when creating a TCP monitor. Valid values are in the range 0-65535.
description - (Optional) Free text description.
allow_insecure - (Optional) Do not validate the certificate when monitor use HTTPS. Only valid if type is "http" or "https".
follow_redirects - (Optional) Follow redirects if returned by the origin. Only valid if type is "http" or "https".
probe_zone - (Optional) Assign this monitor to emulate the specified zone while probing. Only valid if type is "http" or "https".